Replace black with ruff (#365)
bakdata/kpops: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributions

> **Welcome!** We are glad to have you visit our contributibg guide!

Reviewer: typo in contribution

If you find any bugs or have suggestions for improvements, please open an [issue](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/issues/new) and optionally a [pull request (PR)](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/compare). In the case of a PR, we would appreciate it if you preface it with an issue outlining your goal and means of achieving it.

## Style

> We advise that you stick to our `pre-commit` hooks, which you can run with `poetry run pre-commit run -a`. In order for `dprint` to work, you have to manually [install](#markdown) it locally. It will work in the CI, so it is also possible to manually carry out formatting changes flagged by `dprint` in the CI and skip installing it locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We advise that you stick to our `pre-commit` hooks for code linting, formatting, and auto-generation of our documentation and schemas. After you install them using `poetry run pre-commit install` they're triggered automatically during `git commit`. Additionally, you can manually invoke them with `poetry run pre-commit run -a`. In order for `dprint` to work, you have to manually [install](#markdown) it locally. It will work in the CI, so it is also possible to manually carry out formatting changes flagged by `dprint` in the CI and skip installing it locally.
```

### Python

To ensure a consistent Python code style, we use [Ruff](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/) for both linting and formatting.

**Configuration**

Our configuration can be found in [KPOps](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops)' top-level `pyproject.toml`.

**Editor integration**

Below are listed existing Ruff plugins/extensions for some of the most popular python IDEs.

- [VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=charliermarsh.ruff)
- [JetBrains](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/20574-ruff)

> If you cannot find your Editor of choices or you want something more custom, [`ruff-lsp`](https://github.com/astral-sh/ruff-lsp) enables Ruff to be used in any editor that supports the LSP

Reviewer: I certainly appreciate the effort, however this can easily become outdated. Ideally, this should be covered by the official Ruff documentation. wdyt?

Author: You're right.

I could link [this](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/editor-integrations/) page instead? Not sure if the change is in conflict with https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/pull/365#discussion_r1345401289 though. WDYT @raminqaf ?

Reviewer: link 404s for me

Author: They changed it in `0.1.3` apparently :D

Here is the new one: https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/integrations/

Reviewer 2: I am fine linking the this: [https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/integrations/](https://docs.astral.sh/ruff/integrations/)

### Markdown

To ensure a consistent markdown style, we use [dprint](https://dprint.dev)'s [Markdown code formatter](https://dprint.dev/plugins/markdown/).

**Configuration**

Our configuration can be found [here](https://github.com/bakdata/kpops/blob/main/dprint.json).

**Editor integration**

Below are listed existing `dprint` plugins/extensions for some of the most popular python IDEs.

- [VSCode](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=dprint.dprint)

> - [JetBrains](https://plugins.jetbrains.com/plugin/18192-dprint)

Reviewer: similar, imo it's up to `dprint` to provide proper advice on editor integration.

Author: True, but I couldn't easily find such official resources. This one is very optional imo, so I'm fine with just leaving it out. I don't see much importance in having it outside of the `pre-commit` hook.
